# PureBasic-MultiForm-Event-Loop
This example shows how to process multiple windows / forms generated by PureVision

PureVision GUI designer only creates an EventLoop for the first (or selected) form when exporting source code.
There are several ways of processing all forms - this example uses an own main file with an event loop that reacts on 
all forms in a project.

Steps:
======
1. Create and save your project in PureVision
2. Export to source with "generate event loop" checked
3. Load all generated files + basic_event_loop_vs.pb into PureBasic editor
4. Save basic_event_loop_vs.pb as <your_project>_main.pb 
5. This becomes your new main project file for compilation. It has documentation on where to put what.
6. Edit XIncludes and function calls according to your _windows.pb file
7. Switch to the generated main file and copy menu and gadget events to the appropriate places in your new main project file. For #constants definitions you can allways look them up in your generated _constants file.
8. Now, for each following form, with the form selected press the debug button (small yellow one in task bar) in PureVision. This opens the form in PureBasic editor.
9. Select main file, copy menu and gadget events to the appropriate places in your new main project file.
10. Fill in code to open other forms in the main section of your new main project file.
11. Compile your project to check wether all windows can be closed.
12. Start developing by filling your gadgets and menus with life.

Hints for compiling under Linux and OS X
========================================
This demo program was developed under Windows, so you might encounter some problems when trying to compile it under Linux or OS X.
In Order to fix this, please open multiform_constants.pb and do some small changes:

1. in line 9, replace the backslash (\) in "Modules\Module_PVGadgets.pbi" by a slash (/).
2. in line 80, do the same for IncludeBinary "Images\gunni.png"
3. in line 82, do the same for IncludeBinary "Images\wzAminetUploader.png"
4. Save and compile.
